Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
I wanna feel how you feel
I wanna be home with you
I know I seem a fallen hero
Broken down
Take me there. take me there
Wish I was there
Ugh.
Come on. this is boring now.
I know where Mom hid the boombox.
Let's go get it.
I'm the oldest. I say we're going again.
Ugh.
Jackpot!
This is the best present ever. Mom.
I'm glad you like it. my dashing marksman.
Oh. it's okay. Vergil.
You'll get it with practice.
I guess.
Ha! Yes! I can't wait
to show all of our friends!
Dante. how many times have I said not to
ever let anyone see how strong you are.
Other kids can't do
the same things that you can.
They would…
It wouldn't be fair. Understood?
This is really. really important.
Tell me you understand.
Okay. Geez.
Yes. Mommy.
You're it. White Hair!
I wanna feel how you feel
I wanna be at home with you
Oh. my fragile little bird.
It's lucky you heal so fast.
See?
Why is everything hard. Mommy?
Why can't I just do things. like Dante?
You've always had to work
a bit harder than your brother does.
I know you think that makes you
less special. but…
can I tell you a secret?
It actually makes you more special.
Mm-hmm.
Because when you achieve something.
you'll know you really earned it.
No one here to save you.
I don't need saving.
You will suffer
for every one of your father's crimes.
There were many.
Burn him.
Then wait until he heals
and burn him again.
Come closer. Vergil. You're safe now.
I am the ruler of this world.
and I mean to see
that no harm comes to you ever again.
You're helping me? Why?
Your father was my strongest champion.
My most loyal general.
My father. you knew him?
Was he like you?
The search to find you has cost me much.
but I owed my old friend this debt.
To rescue his rightful heir
from these crawling. honorless vermin.
Your father. Sparda.
fought a great war by my side. Vergil.
Our rebellion brought justice
to a cruel monster.
Argosax the Chaos.
a tyrant who made all suffer
with his brutality.
They were followers of that tyrant.
The Uroboros. symbol of Argosax.
It was in his name
that they took revenge on Sparda's kin.
burning your home.
holding you captive all this time.
and slaughtering your mother.
I have a gift for you.
Your father forged this blade.
the Yamato.
The sword is yours by right.
My gift is the chance to use it against
those who have caused you such agony.
Take it.
See the blood of your enemies flow thick.
Yes. you begin to taste your real power.
I can show you how to sustain it.
how to change into your true Makaian form.
permanently.
so you will never again feel the pain
of this weak. helpless. human flesh.
What do I have to do?
Kneel.
The figure flying over Washington. D.C..
our analysts believe. is the demonic.
excuse me. Makaian form of Vergil.
The ambassador's televised
appearance earlier today
has caused
an international media sensation.
While his destination is unknown.
experts say Makai's newfound diplomacy
is a sign our actions
in the Demon Realm are working.
This… This just proves
what I've said all along. folks.
The so-called war on Hell… is a cover.
Hopper and his entire cabal of elites
are in league with the devil.
A precisely executed lockdown.
Top-level performance
for your first operation as commander.
Yeah. this is exactly what our elite
demon hunting skills were meant for.
Playing bodyguards
to useless war profiteers.
Women can never just accept
a compliment. can they?
Some advice. Commander.
This isn't about
proving a point to the world.
This is warfare.
Is Hopper en route?
The president has chosen
to be secured in his own shelter.
There he is.
The last piece.
I'm the peril inside
I'm the truth that you hide
I'm the reason
You don't look back in the mirror
I'm the blood on your hands
Vergil!
In those nightmares you have
I'm the memory
You don't want to remember
You learned how to make an entrance!
That's new.
I hoped it would be you. little brother.
You know I always hate it
when you call me that.
Sir. I've got a clean shot
and a Super Demon Killer in the chamber.
I can paralyze him now.
Hold. Let Dante have his chance.
I take it the Capitol's been evacuated
for the sake of our touching reunion.
I had to get a hold of you somehow.
You don't write. you don't call.
I know long distance from the Demon Realm
must be pricey. but still.
I could say the same for you.
It never once crossed your mind
that I might have survived the attack?
Even though we share the same blood.
the same abilities. and you survived?
I'm guilty of a lot…
But you.
how can you be fighting for Mundus?
It was his soldiers who attacked us!
Who did that to Mom.
His soldiers?
According to who?
A man in a bunny costume?
You knew the White Rabbit?
How do you think he got my blood?
My piece of the amulet?
It was Mundus's will
that our father's barrier be brought down.
You tried to destroy Dad's wall
on the orders of the exact guy
he raised it to keep out?
Again. you don't question your sources.
Sparda never stopped
being Mundus's right hand.
I know because Mundus himself raised me
to take the same position
as my birthright.
Vergil. what did Mundus do to you?
He set me free.
Still relying on your natural talent.
moving purely by instinct.
You haven't changed at all.
That makes one of us.
They're moving too quick. No shot.
They're inside the memorial. sir.
Thrilling. isn't it?
It seems our asset might actually lose.
If it's possible for Dante to be defeated
by this servant of the devil.
we'll know
he never truly fought for our side.
Your schoolgirl infatuation with Dante
is as embarrassing
as it is unprofessional. Commander.
Keep talking
and see how unprofessional I get.
Come on. Hellblood. you can beat
this hedgehog-hair motherfucker.
I don't want to fight you.
Don't tell me
you've lost your competitive spirit
the second I have the upper hand.
You were always more gifted than I was.
I resented it our whole childhood.
But now. I'm thankful.
My deficiencies forced me to train.
To become faster.
Smarter!
Better!
I forged myself in the fires of Makai.
while you wasted away as a human.
eating pizza and chocolate sundaes.
Strawberry sundaes!
For a guy who did all that training.
you still miss a lot.
Take him out. now!
I can't. He's too fast!
There you are.
Maybe now we can have a proper contest.
You have to stop this. Vergil.
Whatever happened between Mundus and Dad.
your king is a monster.
He rules Makai with fear and blood.
Turned its citizens to slaves.
The Rabbit had a whole building
full of them. That part wasn't a lie.
And what do you think
your side rules with. exactly?
You saw what they do to us
in their prisons.
You think the bombs they drop
on our realm hit only the guilty?
That's what I hate about your world.
the pathetic false righteousness.
when you actually follow the same singular
law as Mundus. and as everything else.
Power.
The might to gain
what should be yours and protect it.
that's the only thing that's real.
I don't care about power.
I'm here for myself.
not some psychotic warlord.
You were always sheltered from reality.
weren't you?
Up there on your pedestal.
Dante. the golden child. the favorite son.
You think I was the favorite?
Mom always looked after you most.
I barely even saw her.
You mistake our mother's weakness
for kindness.
She coddled me
when she should have let me fall.
The same way she hid our heritage from us.
to cut us off from our true strength.
She was trying to protect us!
And look where it got her.
One of her sons taken captive.
while the other hid and watched her die.
You're right.
I should have fought.
But blame me for that. not Mom.
- She tried her best.
- She tried her best for you!
You were the one she saved!
Sir. I have a shot at the demon.
But I have to go through the other one
to get him.
Heh.
Don't you fucking dare.
After everything he's done for us.
Finally. a glimpse of your true potential.
Dante.
we both know
you're never going to pull that trigger.
Take the shot.
You killed him.
Yes. I killed
one of your precious sapiens.
Just like you murdered hundreds
of Makaians without a second thought.
because somebody paid you to.
I am the storm that is approaching
Provoking
Black clouds in isolation
I am reclaimer of my name
Born in flames
I have been blessed
My family crest is a demon of death
Come on!
Disappointing. little brother.
Come find me once you heal.
I'll be downstairs.
taking care of our mother's true killer.
He's coming down to this bunker.
How does he know our code?
We meet him in the hall.
make sure he doesn't even
step off the elevator.
This guy went through
my whole team and two fighter jets.
and he just took down the hybrid.
The hybrid wasn't using a machine gun. Go!
Arkham.
remain here.
Surely you won't leave
the Arcana we sacrificed so much for
without a last line of defense.
I wonder. did I ever tell you
about the first prototypes I built?
The ones that launched the earliest
iteration of what became Uroboros.
Every investor I took them to
told me I had to make changes.
to modify my vision so it would fit
some pre-existing construct.
A mold they could mass-produce.
Such men have always existed.
Those who know only how to leech
from the work of past innovators
until they've sucked
the last dollar from its corpse.
But I'm not one of them.
I'm an artist.
Is this is really the fucking time?
I understand
the only true source of innovation.
Chaos.
Not bending the rules of the system.
Smashing it to pieces.
reveling in anarchy.
courting ruin to achieve rebirth.
that's the secret to Uroboros's growth.
A founder who embraces chaos
and thrives from it.
Whoever wants to leave…
You. Arkham.
for all your bluster.
are still a prisoner of order.
It's how I knew you would
never actually shoot me.
If you want to win this war.
chaos is what it'll take.
Mary doesn't need your impiety.
She may have misstepped.
but she will prove her faith in the end.
My brother's pet sapien.
Your reputation in my world precedes you.
Good. You're about to be
an addition to it.
It's funny. In a way. I understand you
more than I do my own blood.
You had to earn your power.
and you fight for a cause.
One you're willing to die for.
I wonder how you'd feel then
to know that your country's leader
gave me your location.
He desires to end the war
you and your master started.
Enough to let me take back the Arcana.
You made a deal with Hopper.
not with me.
Shall I give you your deal then?
No.
You can work this out yourselves.
What is it you possibly see in him?
You and your brother
might be equal parts human.
but he's twice the man that you are.
Be sure to tell him that
as you're peeling him off the wallpaper.
Mary.
please.
Who's Mary?
Do you think
we're just gonna hand you the Arcana?
You will after I've collected
on the other part of my deal.
Arius's head.
Hopper seemed more than happy
to agree to give that up in the bargain.
I always wondered
how a ragtag group of disgraced Makaians
managed to track down my mother on Earth.
Obvious. in retrospect.
that they had a sapien benefactor.
one arrogant enough to openly brand
himself with the symbol of Argosax.
I had absolutely nothing to do
with your mother's tragic death.
But I had to make you think that I did.
in order to get you here.
Liar!
This is. regrettably.
a trap.
That yee-hawing buffoon in the Oval Office
betrayed me exactly as expected.
You don't know it yet.
but you and me. we are allies.
You're deluded.
My only ally is my king.
Mundus has fooled you. my dear boy.
I just want to be your friend.
Your lies will stop when
I cut out your tongue and feed it to you.
Oh. right.
Your father's fancy demon sword.
That reminds me.
I have one of those too.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-